Document Xdebug usage (#4164)
vimeo/psalm: docs/running_psalm/plugins/authoring_plugins.md

    </plugins>
```

### Using Xdebug

> As Psalm disables _Xdebug_ at runtime, if you need to debug your code step-by-step when authoring a plugin, you can allow the extension by doing :
> 
> ```bash
> $ export PSALM_ALLOW_XDEBUG=1

Reviewer: I think it's better to suggest a non-persistent override for a single command only. This way you wouldn't accidentally forget to reset the env variable when you no longer need the override. 
```suggestion
As Psalm disables _Xdebug_ at runtime, if you need to debug your code step-by-step when authoring a plugin, you can allow the extension by running Psalm as following:

```console
$ PSALM_ALLOW_XDEBUG=1 path/to/psalm
```
